Add player insights overlay (#885)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-ui: CHANGELOG.md

> - New `ContextMenu` component to show custom context menus on right-click.

Reviewer: nit: We could mention the missing public types:

```suggestion
- New `ContextMenu`, `PlayerContextMenu`, and `InteractiveContextMenuItem` components for custom and default right-click context menus.
```

Author: No change: these types are supporting pieces of the context menu feature, and we do not always list every new supporting type in the changelog.
